---
layout: artist
image_path: /images/al_one.png
name: Little Caesar
sort_number: 30
hidden: false
twitter_url:
facebook_url:
instagram_url:
spotify_url: 'https://open.spotify.com/artist/5IOstYUATS0EQ77A1DG7gy'
apple_url: 'https://itunes.apple.com/au/artist/little-caesar/168344068'
youtube_url:
hero_path: /uploads/Screen Shot 2018-11-05 at 3.23.05 pm.png
albums:
  - image_path: /uploads/Little Caesar - Eight 600px.jpeg
---

Nobody quite &nbsp;knew what to think &nbsp;of these long haired, &nbsp;tattooed &nbsp;bikers singing such soulful, yet &nbsp;ballsy, rock music &nbsp;when they &nbsp;arrived &nbsp;on the scene &nbsp;in Los Angeles in 1987. They stood &nbsp;out amongst &nbsp;the "Hair Bands" &nbsp;that populated the music scene at the time... a distinction the &nbsp;band wore as a badge &nbsp;of honour.<br><br>Much hype surrounded &nbsp;the band as they were &nbsp;managed by &nbsp;music &nbsp;legend Jimmy Iovine, guided &nbsp;by legendary A&R man &nbsp;John Kalodner &nbsp;and produced by &nbsp;Bob Rock. It seemed &nbsp;like a formula &nbsp;for success, &nbsp;yet the band met &nbsp;an unfortunate set of circumstances &nbsp;that left many &nbsp;scratching their heads &nbsp;shortly &nbsp;after &nbsp;the release &nbsp;of their self-titled &nbsp;debut album.

Many &nbsp;were to &nbsp;speculate &nbsp;why the band &nbsp;never achieved the &nbsp;level of success &nbsp;that their &nbsp;legendary team of backers took as inevitable.

Many were to &nbsp;speculate that &nbsp;it was due to the &nbsp;dichotomy between &nbsp;the band's gruff appearance &nbsp;and their sound. The truth was &nbsp;that the &nbsp;band fell prey &nbsp;to an unfortunate set of circumstances &nbsp;that occurred &nbsp;in the limited &nbsp;window that bands get to produce &nbsp;sales in, &nbsp;or get exiled &nbsp;in the music business.

Three weeks into &nbsp;the bands initial &nbsp;release, Geffen Records &nbsp;was sold, &nbsp;their label Manager left the &nbsp;company, accountants took &nbsp;over, and &nbsp;their records &nbsp;where lost in transit to their new distributors. &nbsp;As sales dropped &nbsp;off due to the lack of product availability, &nbsp;the accountants &nbsp;shut the project &nbsp;down. &nbsp;And &nbsp;so, another &nbsp;band dies... there's &nbsp;always more where they &nbsp;came from in the rough and &nbsp;tumble world &nbsp;that is the music &nbsp;business.

Little Caesar &nbsp;first appeared on Metal Blade’s “Street &nbsp;Survivors” compilation. &nbsp;The band then &nbsp;released a four &nbsp;song EP titled “Name &nbsp;Your Poison”(produced &nbsp;by Joe Hardy &nbsp;of ZZ Top fame), &nbsp;which subsequently led &nbsp;to a &nbsp;deal with &nbsp;Geffen Records. Little Caesar’s &nbsp;eponymous &nbsp;1990 Geffen &nbsp;debut was produced &nbsp;by the infamous &nbsp;Bob Rock &nbsp;(producer of &nbsp;Metallica’s self-titled &nbsp;1991 multi-platinum &nbsp;release, Motley Crue's “Dr. &nbsp;Feelgood”, &nbsp;and &nbsp;The Cult’s “Sonic &nbsp;Temple” among &nbsp;others). &nbsp;The album was a no-nonsense &nbsp;collection of hard rock &nbsp;in the vein &nbsp;of’70s &nbsp;giants &nbsp;like Bad Company and &nbsp;Humble Pie, and &nbsp;was also &nbsp;brimming &nbsp;with classic &nbsp;R&B influences, &nbsp;garnering widespread &nbsp;acceptance &nbsp;and positive &nbsp;reviews from the &nbsp;rock media. It also featured two Motown &nbsp;covers, including &nbsp;a ballsy rendition &nbsp;of the &nbsp;classic Aretha Franklin track, “Chain &nbsp;of Fools,” which hit &nbsp;the Billboard &nbsp;Top 100 chart and received strong airplay &nbsp;nationwide &nbsp;on both rock &nbsp;radio and MTV. &nbsp;The group toured extensively &nbsp;opening for such legendary acts as Jane’s &nbsp;Addiction, &nbsp;KISS, Social Distortion, Iggy &nbsp;Pop, Billy Idol, and &nbsp;Lynyrd Skynyrd. &nbsp;They also &nbsp;headlined their &nbsp;own club tours, and &nbsp;appeared &nbsp;on TV’s &nbsp;popular “Arsenio &nbsp;Hall Show”, “The &nbsp;Rick Dee’s Show”, &nbsp;and &nbsp;MTV’s “Sex in the &nbsp;90’s”. Vocalist &nbsp;Ron Young &nbsp;was also featured in the movie “Terminator &nbsp;2” as &nbsp;a tough talking biker &nbsp;that gets &nbsp;into a fight &nbsp;with the film’s star, &nbsp;Arnold Schwarzenegger. &nbsp;1992 would bring the second &nbsp;full-length &nbsp;album, “Influence”, which &nbsp;would have &nbsp;Earl Slick (of John Lennon, David &nbsp;Bowie, and &nbsp;Ian Hunter &nbsp;fame) replacing &nbsp;Apache on guitar.

The “Influence” album &nbsp;was produced &nbsp;by the highly &nbsp;respected Howard Benson (who has recently &nbsp;produced releases &nbsp;for platinum &nbsp;artists like &nbsp;Daughtry, Papa &nbsp;Roach, and P.O.D. &nbsp;among &nbsp;others). &nbsp;The band completed &nbsp;its first tour of Europe after the release &nbsp;of the album &nbsp;and drew rave reviews &nbsp;and sold out &nbsp;crowds &nbsp;across multiple countries including &nbsp;a sold out headlining &nbsp;performance at &nbsp;the famous Marquee club in London.

As the band &nbsp;slowly recovered &nbsp;from the shock and &nbsp;lessons learned &nbsp;in the nasty world of the music &nbsp;business, they always &nbsp;remained &nbsp;close, as &nbsp;they are a &nbsp;family way before &nbsp;they &nbsp;are a &nbsp;band. They &nbsp;started to do &nbsp;local shows and &nbsp;remember why they loved &nbsp;music and each &nbsp;other. Since the &nbsp;reformation, the &nbsp;band has &nbsp;played high profile shows &nbsp;at venues as House of &nbsp;Blues, &nbsp;California &nbsp;Speedway for &nbsp;NASCAR, and the &nbsp;Rock The Bayou &nbsp;Festival &nbsp;in Houston &nbsp;TX.

In 2010, &nbsp;Little Caesar &nbsp;moved forward with &nbsp;a vengeance &nbsp;on a worldwide &nbsp;level with a release &nbsp;titled "Redemption" &nbsp;as well as &nbsp;touring &nbsp;in the US, &nbsp;Europe and the &nbsp;UK and in 2012, &nbsp;Little &nbsp;Caesar &nbsp;released &nbsp;"American Dream". &nbsp;Produced by Bruce Witkin, a powerful, &nbsp;no nonsense, guitar &nbsp;driven group of songs &nbsp;that takes &nbsp;the band to &nbsp;that same warm &nbsp;R&B driven &nbsp;Rock and &nbsp;Roll Universe &nbsp;they call home. &nbsp;They performed at &nbsp;the &nbsp;Hard &nbsp;Rock Hell &nbsp;festival in &nbsp;Wales in Dec &nbsp;2012. They returned once &nbsp;again to Europe in 2013 &nbsp;appearing at The &nbsp;Download Festival &nbsp;appearing alongside &nbsp;such acts as Iron Maiden, Motorhead, &nbsp;Rival Sons, &nbsp;and Queens of &nbsp;the Stone Age. In 2016. Bass player Pharoah Barrett &nbsp;(The Four Horsemen) joined founding &nbsp;members Ron Young (Vocals), &nbsp;Tom Morris (Drums) &nbsp;and Loren &nbsp;Molinare &nbsp;(Guitar) and &nbsp;they released a double &nbsp;live CD titled “Brutally &nbsp;Honest” which &nbsp;authentically &nbsp;captured the band’s &nbsp;live &nbsp;energy.

In &nbsp;2017 &nbsp;the band &nbsp;has continued &nbsp;touring the US, &nbsp;UK and &nbsp;Europe and &nbsp;entered the studio &nbsp;to work with Bruce Witkin &nbsp;again for &nbsp;their upcoming &nbsp;release on Golden Robot Records. &nbsp;Joining the &nbsp;band on Guitar &nbsp;is Mark Tremalgia &nbsp;(BangTango, Chambers &nbsp;Brothers, Brothers &nbsp;Johnson) whose band “Disreputable &nbsp;Few” has &nbsp;been backing &nbsp;great artists Billy &nbsp;Gibbons, Slash and Butch &nbsp;Trucks. &nbsp;The band &nbsp;has upcoming &nbsp;tours in &nbsp;the UK &nbsp;and Europe &nbsp;to support their &nbsp;5th studio &nbsp;album and &nbsp;7th release. &nbsp;